welcome to kitchen hey hey hi dude
welcome to the fire kitchen cook off
there's a show or recruiting up a storm
in the woods around the folia dukey's
will compete to make the noise a plastic
salad today and if you don't was in
kitchen will be cooking I tuned in these
long under flame and fire it will be
freshly cooked but what may will fresh
farmers potatoes chicken egg you see
Leslie
thought we were drizzling or mayonnaise
ooh yummy put two four next flip up your
chopping board and place it down on the
flat surface after that bring your new
potatoes and chop them in half
the other potatoes a combat squad to
release energy slowly after another to
the world
meanwhile get your tomatoes and ass back
up and chop them in half which version
free they provide Richmond put your
tomatoes to the side and add your
asparagus to the hot water then arrange
the lettuce on the plate gravity machine
mcafee now press put it down on the
train and drain out the water gets a
spoon and soon up the trailer on to the
next feeds take the jar of anchovies and
swing them out onto the salad before our
range in its mottos asparagus and
potatoes on time they've included
anchovies and tuna because they are only
fresh and the approach that's now put
the egg before slicing it into quarters
I'm pasting it on top of the salad we
added x2 of standards which are
extremely high in protein protein isn't
good ok finally get an eyeful for Andy
I can already taste the sea with a
spoonful of actual easy mmm that was
such tasty food my mighty blow the
flanks of the leftist is great with this
top picture of the tuna
it was truly the egg that made it so
good the mayonnaise complimented the
potato exquisitely well he'll be a
forest cook of kick on who'll be
banished into the desi jungle for their
lifetime and fight for their survival
and be eaten pointment snakes if there
are not
[Music]
[Applause]
they included love and passionately in
your salad fortunately that's all we
have time for today night on the lowest
kitchen careful until ninth I happy
[Music]
you